# Serious Sam: The First Encounter SDK 1.05
This is the unmodified original SDK for Serious Sam: The First Encounter

# Original Read Me
SeriousSam public SDK sources
Release 1.05
Release Notes
Croteam, 2001-12-05

1. What is this?

This archive contains a portion of SeriousSam sources and some additional executables. The files included are intended to be used for game modification (Mod) development. To be able to use this, you will need a full retail version of Serious Sam and a copy VisualC++6.0 installed. Only programmers will need this, this is not needed for modeling, mapping and texturing.

The general contents of the zips are:
  SDK_xxxIncludes.zip - header files, templates and libraries used for compiling and linking your mod code
  SDK_xxxDebugBinaries.zip - debug versions of exes, dlls and libs, useful for debugging your mod
  SDK_xxxModels.zip - autogenerated header files and ini files for models. you could generate this by re-saving each model from the modeler, but it is simpler to just unzip this.
  SDK_xxxEntities.zip - this contains original sources of Game.dll, Entities.dll and GameGUI.dll from SeriousSam. you should be able to rebuild the originals using this package. it is provided as a starting point for building a mod. recompile the originals and then start tweaking.


2. How do I use this?

Follow the instructions in the SDK Help provided with the full version. For further help, go to the Vesto's new forums, there are sections about mod development and programming. The link might be moving around in next few weeks, but you should start from www.planetserious.com or www.croteam.com, you'll find it. Please, *PLEASE*, do not mail us directly about stuff like this. If you have any problem with the SDK, ask a question at the forums. Both Croteam members, and a lot of other people proficient with the engine will be there to help you. That way, everyone will be able to hear the answers, and we won't have to reexplain everything a hundred times. Thanks.


3. License

The files contained in this archive and subarchives, are property of Croteam, or other companies, and are provided here ONLY for creation of Game modifications for Serious Sam. 

This archive is supplied as an addon to the Serious Engine SDK, and you may only use it if you have purchased a copy of Serious Sam and if you agreed to the license accompanying the game. 

The sources are provided for the sole purpose of creating non-commercial game modifications for the Serious Sam game. These sources are considered to be a part of the SDK accompanying the Serious Sam game, and you must agree to the same restrictions as stated for the SDK in the Serious Sam Limited Software Warranty and License Agreement, if you wish to unpack and use the sources.

Any of source code modifications, additions or other derivative work based on the supplied sources will be considered as Modifications to Serious Sam, as explained in the Serious Sam Limited Software Warranty and License Agreement, and you must obey the same restrictions as stated there, if you wish to unpack and use the sources.

This archive may be distributed freely, but you may only unpack and use these sources if you agree to the above terms. If you do not agree to the above terms or to the terms of the Serious Sam Limited Software Warranty and License Agreement, or if you do not own a copy of Serious Sam, you are not granted the permission to unpack and use the sources.


4. Additional Legal Notes

Some of the header files included in the Includes zip are interfaces to 3rd party libraries. They are supplied together with these sources for your convenience only. You can obtain those, and their corresponding SDKs, from other locations, not subject to the above license. 
Those are:
  OpenGL - see www.opengl.org
  amp11lib - see Readme file of the SeriousSam distribution
  Ogg Vorbis - see Readme file of the SeriousSam distribution
  DirectSound - see msdn.microsoft.com
  EAX - see developer.creative.com


